# Swagger generated server

## Overview
This server was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.

## How to run the server

#### Install dependencies
To install all the dependencies:
```bash 
npm install
```
To ignore the folder in which dependencies were installed:
```
create a .gitignore file and type:
node_modules/*
```

#### Running the server
To run the server, run:

```bash 
npm start
```

To view the Swagger UI interface:

```bash 
open http://localhost:8080/docs
```

This project leverages the mega-awesome [swagger-tools](https://github.com/apigee-127/swagger-tools) middleware which does most all the work.

## How the server was built
After having generated the node-js server from swaggerhub we had to:

#### Install our backend testing tools
Installing dependencies:
```bash
npm install --save-dev ava@5.3.1 c8@8.0.1 got@11.8.3
```
Running ava and c8:
```bash 
npm run ava
```

#### Install our frontend testing tools
Installing dependencies:
```bash
npm install --save-dev cypress
```
Running cypress:
```bash
npm run cypress:open
npm run cypress:run
```

## Tutorial: Git/Github

#### Good practices
- Pulling before coding 
    - It is a good idea to pull the latest version of the dev branch and merge
    it into your own before starting your coding session. This way you are working on an up-to-date project and you can avoid potential future conflicts.

- Pull requests 
    - When we make changes to a feature branch, we want to push these changes into the dev branch. It is a good practice to create a pull request instead of pushing any changes directly. This allows us to double-check and make sure that these changes do not create conflicts or unwanted results. Also, this way a senior member can double-check and accept the pull request.

#### Updating feature branch
- Command-line Interface
Pull changes into your own branch:
```bash
# Select the dev branch
git checkout dev
# Pull latest changes made on dev branch
git pull
# Select your own branch
git checkout <branch_name>
# Merge the updated dev branch into your own
git merge dev
```
- Graphical User Interface (VsCode)
    - Checkout into dev branch from the bottom left
    - Go to the git tab on the left of the screen
    - Click on the three dots (more actions)
    - Pull/Push -> Pull from... -> dev 
    - Click on the three dots (more actions) again
    - Branch -> Merge -> from dev -> to <branch_name>

#### Pull Request procedure 
- Push all changes into to your own remote branch    
- Navigate to your Github project from the web  
- Go to the "Pull requests" tab   
- New pull request  
- dev <- [branch_name]  
- Create pull request  

## Tutorial: Testing
Now, I have created two exemplary tests inside their respective folders. Studying these along with the following testing tutorial should be a good starting point to create your own tests :)  

Run the backend tests:
```bash
# 1.Create your own test file inside the:
cd tests 
# folder. (don't forget to name it as follows: <branch_name>backend.test.js)
# 2.Write your tests
# 3.Run the testing script
npm run ava
```
Run the frontend tests:
```bash
# 1.Create your own test file inside the:
cd cypress/e2e/
# cypress folder. (don't forget to name it as follows: <branch_name>frontend.cy.js)
# 2.Write your tests
# 3.Run the server on a separate terminal using
npm start
# 4.Run the testing script
npm run cypress:open
# Navigate to the test you wrote from inside the cypress gui
# browser -> e2e -> test.cy.js
```